Cross-Compiling Exploit Code
In order to avoid compilation issues,
it is generally recommended
to use native compilers
for the specific operating system
targeted by the code.
However, there are situations where
we only have access
to a single attack environment,
like Kali,
but need to leverage an exploit that
is coded for a different platform.
This is where a cross-compiler
can be extremely helpful.
We will use the extremely popular
mingw-64 cross-compiler in this section.
If it’s not already present,
we can install it with apt:
After the installation has completed,
we can use mingw-64 to compile
the code into a Windows executable.
The first step
is to see if the exploit code
compiles without errors:
To compile our code,
we provide the C source file,
and specify the output filename
with the -o option.
Something went wrong during the
compilation process and although
the errors may seem foreign,
a simple Google search for “WSAStartup”
reveals that this is a function
found in winsock.h.
Further research indicates that
these errors occur when the linker
can’t find the winsock library.
Adding the -lws2_32 parameter
to our command should fix the problem.
Great,
our exploit code was
compiled successfully.